I want to go to bed early tonight.
I put in a good word for my friend at today's meeting.
Have you ever gone to see a horse race?
They found out.
Tom will get killed.
You can get a fine view of the sea from the mountaintop.
Organic vegetables are popular because they're safe and tasty.
You might as well go kill yourself.
How many of them are there?
With those results, you won't be able to go to university.
They are very interested in astronomy.
He canceled the appointment at the last moment.
She couldn't suppress her emotions.
Why didn't Tom wake me up?
He really likes science fiction novels a lot.
The children are sleeping. Please don't be so noisy.
Do you think a little salt would improve the flavor?
Did you sew this by hand?
Will you have a Christmas party at your home?
It's almost six.
Can you tell me your address?
Politics is a dirty business.
Can you give me some money?
I don't like dancing.
She stayed at home all day instead of going out.
Don't get drunk.
I was watching TV then.
You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
The school will provide tents for us.
It will not be long before she comes back.
Neither Tom nor Mary can swim.
Cross the road.
Hold on a second.
I caught my son stealing from a cookie jar.
May I ask you a question?
What was the best present you received last Christmas?
Tom got Mary to cook dinner.
That's absolutely true.
Why are you doing this to me?
I am watering the flowers.
Why haven't you told us?
I don't know what to buy him for his birthday.
I study abroad.
How did you come by all this money?
I often used to play tennis with him on Sundays.
No, thank you.
That all happened in just three days.
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.
While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
The car hit a wall.
We wouldn't be in this mess if you'd just done what I told you.
"Would you mind shutting the door?" "No, not at all."
If I eat too much chocolate, I break out in pimples.
Don't move.
I ordered two hamburgers.
Yesterday I was on my way home from work when I ran smack into my old girlfriend.
We are watching TV.
I've got no time for that now.
I wanna quit my job.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
Since I couldn't pay the rent, I asked him for help.
There's a hole in the bottom of the bucket.
He's gone to Nagoya on business.
They say you shouldn't take rumors seriously, but that's easier said than done.
We hope to reach the summit before it gets dark.
He talks as if he knew the secret.
He is always complaining about his low salary.
Don't throw stones.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
What's the best Christmas present you've ever received?
I followed her into the room.
We can continue playing, as long as we don't make too much noise.
I think you panicked.
He wrote a letter.
What is it?
What size do you wear?
He has not come yet. Something may have happened to him.
We'll meet in three hours.
China is the largest country in Asia.
It's fun to knead dough.
Do you smell smoke?
I hope no one saw me dancing.
I wrote a letter to my mother.
I'm really bad with names, but I never forget a face.
Tom is very good.
Have you decided on the subject of your thesis?
I've got little time for reading these days.
Are you new here?
You're not allowed to take pictures here.
Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out a handful of coins.
It's on the table.
Why didn't you tell me?
I miss my elementary school teachers.
Today's weather forecast says that it is likely to be fine tomorrow.
Did anyone call me while I was out?
What does your shirt say?
Where can I buy that magazine?
I want to take a nap.
The car crashed into the wall.
Living abroad is the best way to learn a foreign language.
How did you come to know her?
Where are you going for Christmas vacation?
I have a lot of work to do.
I opened the can, but it was empty.
What was that noise?
He fixed the watch for me.
You cannot smoke in this room.
I have to go to sleep.
Staying at home is boring.
What am I to do next?
What's the good of having a car if you don't drive?
He asked me if I was busy.
I want to clean the house before my parents return.
Do you think that we'll have a white Christmas this year?
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.
How long is the flight?
Twenty years already passed.
I would often take naps on Sundays.
He's always been kind to me.
He squeezed the toothpaste out of a tube.
I'm still in school.
Which color do you like more, blue or red?
Sorry, the book is out of stock.
Someone has torn two pages out of this book.
He is good at riding a horse.
I will never tell a lie from now on.
I was lucky that I was able to find a good babysitter.
What's the best Christmas present you've ever gotten?
I am sure I met him somewhere, but I do not remember who he is.
There is no reason for you to feel inferior to anyone.
I saw all eight of them about an hour ago.
We have lots of snow in the winter.
This is a meeting room, not a waiting room.
It is impossible to master English in a year or so.
She was moved to tears.
I'd better drive you home.
That doll is scary.
The girl begged her mother to accompany her.
I wish you were here.
As soon as I hung up, the phone started ringing again.
Tom has finished reading the book that Mary gave him yesterday.
This hotel has accommodations for 1000 guests.
I had my pocket picked on the train.
I got up late this morning.
Our team lost the first game.
My father plays golf every Sunday.
Did you see a brown wallet around here?
Never did I expect to see her in such a place.
My dad bought a model plane for me for Christmas.
He said he knew the famous actress, which was a lie.
I'm going to bring Tom some dinner.
She likes taking pictures.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
Tampering with evidence is a serious offense.
I had my wallet stolen on the bus.
Is your watch correct?
You can tear the box open.
There are hundreds of books in his study.
She is sensitive to the heat.
Two adult tickets, please.
Double the dose.
Are you two really dating again?
I bought two bottles of milk.
I thought Tom was a musician.
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.
I had just written the letter when he came back.
How many magazines are on the desk?
May I bring my family along?
As an Englishman, he is particularly sensitive to the differences between English and American usage.
You will soon get to like him.
Do you believe in miracles?
Nobody can stop Tom.
My nose is itchy.
I prefer coffee.
They were very tired indeed.
He may come today.
Now they have three children.
He won't say anything about himself.
My coworker really knows how to suck up to the boss.
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.
I no longer believe anyone.
I got married again.
I saw Tom kissing another girl.
There's a huge hole in the wall.
May I have the menu and the wine list?
Tom doesn't give me flowers anymore.
I don't understand what you are talking about.
I wonder where he is hiding.
It happened that I sat next to her at a meeting.
May I trouble you to shut the window?
Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India and around the world.
I looked up the words in my dictionary.
Please let me try the game.
It would seem that you know something that I don't.
Let me take a nap.
Where were you when I needed your help?
Most Swiss people can speak three or four languages.
He made up his mind to be a doctor.
I'm a newcomer.
I'm trying hard, but can't think of her name.
Did you push the button?
The doors on the left side will open.
Whose idea was this?
I asked her to call me at five o'clock.
Can I borrow your radio?
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow.
Where do you go to school?
Where can I buy silk?
If you need an umbrella I'll lend you one.
I don't have time to be bothered by such small things.
Tom bought a camera like yours.
The war with France was over.
What do you say to taking a rest?
Some college teachers come to class late and leave early.
I'm about to leave.
You did not say so.
I can't get over how different the weather is here.
I'm going to make a cake for Mary's birthday.
Tom is my old partner.
Do you know how to use this machine?
He doesn't eat raw fish.
Don't touch my camera.
Who is the person in charge?
I've had enough.
I did not understand him at all.
It's difficult to teach people what they're unwilling to learn.
I'm working for a trading firm.
I know nothing except that she left last week.
I've always treated you with respect.
What do you want Santa to bring you for Christmas?
There's no chair to sit upon.
They let me go.
Where is the pain?
She cannot have done it.
Abandon ship!
This river is one mile across.
Several delegates disagreed.
I ordered the book from Britain.
Where's my book?
He is hiding something from me.
Do as I told you to do.
I cannot lend this book to you.
His explanation is not clear.
Tom gave me a ride to school.
They have elected a new government.
Please lend me your knife.
I feel uneasy in my father's presence.
He must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
Before I went to bed, I set the alarm clock for seven.
She is a very poor driver.
How much is the car you are planning to buy?
If God is with us, then who is against us?
Why did you call?
I don't have time to eat right now.
I read his book.
He is well paid.
Learning a foreign language is a waste of time.
I would like to have something to munch on with my beer.
If a restaurant has valet parking it's probably pretty expensive.
Will it take long to recover?
Thanks for your concern.
Will you drive me to the hospital?
I can't imagine why anyone would want to steal something like that.
I think it's going to rain.
Does Tom have to stay home today?
She is in the habit of jogging before breakfast.
What does your car look like?
Turn up the heater if you feel cold.
I'm ready.
She was arrested by the police.
How long did it take you to translate this book?
I want to eat something.
When are we eating? I'm hungry!
A little knowledge of Spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to Mexico enjoyable.
Are they still in bed?
Since the weather is so good, can I open a window?
The bus drivers are going on strike today.
I had two cups of coffee.
He had a lot of work to do.
I hear you have been sick.
That shop has many customers.
I knew Tom would ask that.
Where is your school?
I broke your ashtray.
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
Could you place your bags on the scale, please?
He came home late last night.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
What do you use to pick wax out of your ears?
Tom probably can't do that as well as I can.
Can I have two hamburgers and a coke, please?
I used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail.
He caused his parents a lot of anxiety.
Do you plan to work until 10:00?
It's not unprecedented.
Did you say you would go?
Please stay.
Tell me about it. I'm all ears.
Do you consider yourself a good guitarist?
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.
I think it's time for me to discuss the problem with her.
How many Christmas cards did you receive last year?
I'll have exams right after the summer holidays.
I want all of the furniture taken to our house right away.
I smoked when I was young.
I'll lend you the book, provided you return it next week.
He seldom writes to his father.
I take back what I said.
It is necessary for you to help her.
Please wake me for breakfast.
He is good at dealing with children.
Einstein was a mathematical genius.
You need to seek help.
It's been almost ten years, but you're as beautiful as ever.
Whose notebook is that?
I want to eat out tonight.
I do not want to clean up dog poop.
If you don't want to go, you don't have to.
I will stay here till three o'clock.
All the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
We weren't at home yesterday.
A bird is singing in the tree.
She disliked her husband.
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."
I wonder if Tom is telling the truth.
She participates in many school activities.
What is the temperature of the water in the pool?
What are you worried about?
You shouldn't say those kind of things in front of the children.
Did the newspaper say it was going to rain?
He's not an idiot.
It seems that he is interested in astronomy.
When I was studying to become a lawyer, my teachers told me to never ask a question that I didn't know the answer to.
The dog didn't eat the meat.
Why are you so sure Tom is wrong?
The question is how we can raise the money.
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.
Is there a post office around here?
Don't start yet.
I'd like to live near your house.
I will study abroad when I have finished school.
He has lived here for one week.
You seem to know a great deal about me.
I don't like to speak in front of people.
Tom is probably still at home.
How much do the oranges cost?
Is that why you asked me to come here?
He fell in love with her.
Is it safe?
Will you sing me a Beatles' song?
We're not all as tired as you are.
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.
Where are my glasses?
I had been reading a book when he came in.
It's too big.
Tom is a very good friend.
That dress seems to be very expensive.
Why did you paint the bench red?
You two have a lot in common.
Like it or not, you must do it.
I like the gray sweater more than the purple one.
The old man told the children an amusing story.
Are you free tonight?
Don't act like a jerk.
You should eat something before you go.
Jeans are now in fashion among girls.
In doing anything, you must do your best.
The people waiting for the bus seemed impatient.
I've got enough money for a car.
Don't forget about us!
Sunday is the day when I am busiest.
Unfortunately, I can't afford to buy everything I need right now.
I don't have to study tonight. I think I'll watch television for a while.
She is still financially dependent on her parents.
I will be leaving for Morocco next week.
Take your time. There's no rush.
She decided to resign.
Who did it?
He robbed me of my bag.
Don't speak with your mouth full!
I have visited more than nine countries so far.
Every foreigner who visits Japan says that prices here are too high.
It's eight o'clock in the morning.
He was angry because I wouldn't give him any help.
Their equipment is extremely advanced.
No two words are identical in meaning.
There's a hole in this bucket.
Who do you think was watching TV in this room last night?
I'm looking for my contact lens.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
I forget your telephone number.
I don't want children.
I love the questions.
We're in the same time zone.
Can I speak to you for a moment please?
Tom promised me that tonight he'd sing that new song he wrote.
I think it would be better if you lay down.
She depends on her husband for everything.
It's pretty interesting.
I have a friend waiting for me in the lobby.
That's obvious.
Hold the candle.
Our garden was full of weeds.
I've already eaten breakfast.
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast.
She broke the window on purpose.
I can't thank you enough.
I almost forgot it.
Are you still angry?
There are many beautiful parks in London.
The passengers were asleep in their cabins when the ship hit a huge iceberg.
We painted the door green.
All the girls in my class are kind.
An article about our school appeared in the newspaper.
Please write down your contact address here.
The boy is jumping.
Would you mind my using this dictionary?
Look at the blackboard, everyone.
What color are you going to paint the ceiling?
I can't log in to my account.
Her bike is blue.
Who will you give Christmas presents to this year?
I've been waiting for you for over an hour.
May I help you?
His family is large.
A few were drunk most of the time.
I want something cold to drink.
I didn't recognize anyone in the room.
You may go in now.
The street was dark.
They're on their way.
These fireworks are spectacular!
He would like to take part in the competition.
I don't know whether he's younger or older than I am.
Are they able to read these words?
Mary made a cake without her mother's knowledge.
Where are you going to spend the summer holidays?
Who is that pretty girl?
The view from the top of the mountain was breathtaking.
What did you do there?
She told me his name after he had left.
In Japan, it's very hot in the summer.
I don't like men like him.
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
He is a doctor and an author.
Would you like another piece of cake?
Is this your umbrella?
I can't forget her.
Tom looks pretty young.
Why do some people not like Christmas?
This TV was made in China.
John is two years older than me.
My father would often go fishing.
This machine is easy to handle.
He caught hold of my hand.
My ballpoint pen just ran out of ink.
I read a book.
We need to find a safe place to hide.
Could someone please explain this to me?
She plays tennis with her friends once a week.
There was an earthquake yesterday.
What was that sound?
Where will you be this time tomorrow?
I think watching TV is a waste of time.
It's difficult to balance a ball on your nose.
I'm very tired today, so I went to bed earlier.
She is very photogenic.
I spent the whole day reading that novel.
Three more passengers got on the bus.
They say that a large dam will be built.
If that happens again, call me.
Old habits die hard.
If you'll keep an eye on the kids, I'll take your suit to be cleaned.
I hadn't recognized the importance of this document until you told me about it.
I want you to sit down.
Come to lunch with us.
From now on, I promise to be punctual.
He seemed to have thought so.
Who did you come with?
He did nothing wrong.
I'm still Mary's boyfriend, I think.
Get a room, you two.
You don't seem to be yourself these days.
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.
Is there anywhere you want to go?
Have you finished cleaning your room yet?
Bring a couple more chairs.
He gets a haircut three times a month.
I am fond of reading.
How's your job?
He disagreed with his father.
Swimming is easy for me.
Can you keep quiet?
I didn't realize you couldn't understand French.
It won't be long before they get married.
My brother likes horror movies.
By the way, are you free tonight?
I hope you'll get better soon.
Tom joined his high school's debate team.
Will you help them?
My father has been busy.
This is too good to be true.
He knows how to whistle.
I've been looking for a job a long time.
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
Why do you think so?
I don't like the substitute teacher.
I made my decision.
Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds.
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?
Do you really love me?
There's no way I'm going in there.
I didn't mean to wake you up.
If you leave now, I'm sure you'll be caught in a traffic jam.
He must be crazy to say such a thing.
The reason why you failed is you did not try hard enough.
She was beautiful when she was young.
We should do that together.
I often played baseball when I was young.
Do you like rain?
Time is up.
I had my wallet stolen.
What are they saying?
Staying home isn't fun.
I let him sleep at my house for the night.
You need to resign.
Please don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
She didn't read the book.
Take a little nap on the sofa.
If it were not for my family, I would give up this job.
He keeps his word.
Don't ask questions that you don't want to know the answer to.
I shook hands with her.
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
Nara is as old as Kyoto.
How was your trip?
The family lived in poverty.
Anyone over eighteen years of age counts as an adult.
I'm in a good mood.
He left the last page blank.
Her daughter has a really pretty name.
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa.
I heard you were getting married.
Don't bother me with such foolish questions.
Help is on the way.
I'll let you know when it has been decided.
I think all of us want to know why that happened.
Everyone refused to help me.
He has a lot of books on history.
Tom is optimistic.
I'm not in a good mood either.
It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet.
We watched a baseball game on television.
You shouldn't talk about people behind their backs.
That couldn't be.
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.
Do you live with your parents?
I felt the same.
How are you?
Applications are due by Monday.
We have probably about three hundred of those in our warehouse.
Let's take a ten-minute break.
I had a bite at around 3 o'clock.
He is the last man to break his promise.
I lost the game.
The clock gains five minutes a day.
She kept on talking after I asked her to stop.
The room was devoid of furniture.
Just out of curiosity, what would you do?
I rarely eat meat.
It's easy to sing.
We dug a hole in the ground.
You had better not walk around in such a place.
He began to work for that company last year.
She was kind enough to lend me large sum of money.
I heard children singing.
Giant pandas live only in China.
It looks like they're satisfied with the result.
I usually get up at eight.
His brother goes to school by bus.
The teacher suggested that we go to the library to study.
What do you do after dinner?
Say something.
Don't drink and drive.
This spoon is for tea.
How old do you think she is?
I got up early in order to catch the first train.
She tasted the cake to see if it was sweet enough.
Almost all of the passenger in the bus were asleep when the accident happened.
The desk was covered with dust.
Could you repeat that?
There are six people including him.
You look a little young to be a teacher.
Whose books are these?
He has more books than he can read.
They bought a new car.
As soon as I got home, it began to rain.
Tom has already told me what I wanted to know.
Speak slower.
He has a house of his own.
Where is the changing room?
Let's take it one step at a time.
It is not until you go abroad that you realize how small Japan is.
When I try to walk, I get an awful pain here.
What did you buy for your boyfriend?
If you take a child outside and point at the moon, they will look at the moon. If you do the same thing with a dog, it will look at your finger.
My sister is a nurse.
I don't forget my friends.
Am I pronouncing your name correctly?
We'd like a table in the non-smoking section.
The lady moved here a month ago.
The boy went to bed with his socks on.
He likes coffee without sugar.
Tom sang a lot better than I thought he would.
The children are learning to add and subtract.
I want to go to see a movie.
Tom might not want to sing in front of such a large audience.
How much did you pay for the dress?
I don't have a cat.
Frankly speaking, I don't like him.
There is a beautiful park near my home.
He was in time for the last bus.
If the hay caught fire, it would be a real disaster.
I'm a tourist.
I met her by chance on the train the day before yesterday.
I never thought it could be that way.
I need someone to proofread my essay.
Tom put his money in a shoe box.
Look at me when I talk to you!
From now on, let's keep in touch.
Do you know how to eat with chopsticks?
I wish you were wrong.
Is it safe to drink this water?
How did you celebrate Christmas last year?
Does she play the piano?
Where can I buy snacks?
For one reason or another, their holiday in France wasn't as good as they expected it would be.
You did a good job.
We discussed the problem.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
What books do you recommend?
What time do you usually get up?
This book is pretty interesting.
Can I turn on the TV?
She gave the children two apples each.
The waiter brought a new plate.
I can't stop sneezing.
It's unlikely she's as stupid as you think.
It's cold today.
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
I have a friend who cuts his own hair.
I've been here for three weeks.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
I'm on my way.
My watch loses three minutes a week.
We had less snow this winter than we had expected.
Please make yourself comfortable.
I made Tom cry.
Please don't be angry with me.
I'm no longer a rookie.
You can stay here till the snow stops.
She is particular about what she wears.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
I want to cry.
Do you play any instruments other than the piano?
To my knowledge, she hasn't married yet.
Could you please turn your television down?
How much is that?
What will you do on Christmas Day?
Why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors?
What do you need the money for?
No problem.
This looks like a great place for a picnic.
He does not smoke.
My watch keeps good time.
I'm a biology major.
Say please.
No, I don't think so.
You don't have to answer today.
Snow fell in large flakes.
I promise you I'll come early.
Which is the capital of the United States, Washington or New York?
I don't like spicy food.
Your tripod is in my office.
I wonder if you would mind lending me your car for a couple of days.
She is a woman of great beauty.
Radishes might be more expensive than the carrots.
Would you mind me smoking here?
I can't really describe it.
The calculator on the table is mine.
Imagine that you have a time machine.
Will it rain tomorrow?
Start over.
I went to see the movies yesterday.
You're the reason I came.
May I have a look at your ticket?
How did you come to know each other?
Let's let the workers go home early today.
The speed of light is much greater than that of sound.
I forget your phone number.
Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong.
I fell asleep while reading.
Give me that book.
It is difficult, if not impossible, for me to beat him at tennis.
Can I borrow your tennis racket today?
I wonder if I should answer his letter.
He left the money at home.
The cake was all eaten up before I got home.
What did you buy?
There's no use crying over spilled milk.
Do you come here every day?
Will you make it in time?
They have few earthquakes in England.
She is about to leave.
Why do you say that?
I forgot what I was about to say.
I'll give you a couple more minutes.
Do you know if she can speak English?
Stop complaining and do as you're told.
Where do you want to go this summer?
In order to buy a foreign car, he worked very hard.
Who discovered the island?
There are too many tourists.
He acted in his own interest.
Do you know what he has done?
The student became very nervous with the teacher watching him.
Modern art doesn't interest me.
The child missed his mother very much.
I promised that I would return soon.
Did you get the letter I sent you?
You'll regret this.
I want to tell you a strange thing.
That's just an excuse.
He wants us to free the prisoners.
I haven't had that much fun since I left college.
I like grapes, but I can't eat so many.
We want to know if it will be sunny tomorrow.
Let's have lunch downtown and take in a show.
Why do you want to buy this book?
Is this really spaghetti?
Tom has a framed photo of his parents on their wedding day hanging on his lounge room wall.
Cambridge is the most famous university in the world.
Let's leave the decision to our teacher.
The sun is going down.
Each country has its own customs.
I think they'll make a cute couple.
I wish you were with me.
Was it a lie when you said you loved me?
I started working for this company last year.
Don't make any noise or you'll scare the birds away.
I feel like I've become someone else.
I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do.
Soon after that, I began to fall asleep.
You need to pay more attention.
Alcohol consumption is higher in Eastern Europe than in Western Europe.
It's not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
How hot is it where you are?
What do you want to talk to me about?
Everybody was laughing.
My brother helps me with my homework sometimes.
There are a lot of dishes on the table.
I am busy now and can't go out.
He is one of the candidates running for mayor.
I went to Kobe by train.
This year, Valentine's Day falls on a Thursday.
Tom went back to his hometown.
Do you have any idea what they're talking about?
Your composition was good except for the spelling.
I'm here.
He will end up in prison.
She bought a vacuum cleaner at the supermarket.
I don't want to talk to Tom right now.
The money was hidden beneath the floorboards.
I don't want anything for Christmas.
I don't know what to do from now on.
He's obsessed with cleanliness.
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing.
I have but one wish.
My mother made me a bag.
I'm going to miss Tom so much.
The beach was crowded with tourists.
He lives in this neighborhood.
He's the laziest person I know.
If you get sleepy, just tell me.
It makes little difference to me whether you believe it or not.
I gave him my address.
I used to keep a diary when I was at high school.
Please put some candles on the birthday cake.
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband.
My camera is much better than yours.
According to the paper, it will snow tomorrow.
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.
If I had eaten breakfast this morning, I would not be hungry now.
I plan to go to France next year.
I had a horrible dream last night.
Give me back my bag.
I cringe just thinking about it.
You'll soon be able to swim.
"Do you like spicy food?" "I love it."
This is the hotel where we stayed last year.
Tom is on his way.
I don't want to get too technical.
I am not sure how to pronounce the word.
This is a difficult math problem.
You don't look like you're having a good day.
I didn't do a thing.
Divide this line into twenty equal parts.
Please fill this bucket with water.
I feel like I'm not good enough.
We were crowded into the small room.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
Do you guys smoke?
Tell me who won.
I have read the book.
How would you feel if someone did that to you?
I'd like a glass of water.
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
He's always busy.
I don't like watching TV.
My father does not always walk to work.
It's because I was asked to come that I'm here.
Have you read this article?
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Do you still love your wife?
I will give you a bike for your birthday.
Don't step on the broken glass.
He is rich enough to buy that car.
Do you go to school on foot every day?
He always says that.
Nobody walks in LA.
I don't think he'll be able to do it by himself.
Can we go to the lake and watch the sunrise?
I'll write you as soon as I arrive there.
Frankly speaking, his new novel is not very interesting.
We're going up into the mountains, so why don't you come with us?
I'm sorry, could you repeat that please?
Tom is leaving at 2:30, isn't he?
He is still having doubts.
This seems like something out of a movie, doesn't it?
Tom didn't want to interrupt Mary while she was studying.
We kept on working for hours without eating anything.
We still have many other things to discuss.
I forgot his name.
We'll eat on the way.
The children are out playing in the snow.
We'll see who finishes first.
You should sleep for eight hours a day.
He is richer than anyone else in the town.
There is no need to be frightened. He won't harm you.
The cat ate the mouse.
Since I was tired, I took a nap.
Why don't you just tell us what's on your mind?
You'd better not tell him.
Your place or mine?
I'll travel across Europe by bicycle this summer.
Don't stand too close.
After thinking long and hard, I put the plan into practice.
It's not that I seriously like him. I just find him very attractive.
I'm a vegetarian, so I'd rather not have meat, if that's okay.
I feel that I understand your feelings.
Tom is very likely to know what we should do.
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
Are you aware of how much money your son has been spending?
Someone locked me in the room.
No one has the right to tell you how to raise your child.
Can I have a few words with you?
You can't buy anything if you have no money.
Do you think we'll reach his house before noon?
I'm busy now.
Little did I dream that I would see you here.
This book is worth reading.
This is like fighting someone with one arm tied behind your back.
Have you done all your English homework yet?
You haven't shown this to anyone else, have you?
The food is getting cold.
Try to estimate how much you spent on books.
It is quiet here at night.
Dog food is expensive.
Do you think you could lend me some of your records?
This spoon is for soup.
I take my clothes to the cleaner's twice a month.
His plan is to build a bridge over that river.
I need a few minutes.
We have to do something about this.
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.
Now it's time for the weather forecast.
Tom isn't here yet.
He doesn't want me to go, but I mean to.
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.
Are you two really dating?
All of a sudden, the door shut with a bang.
The police officer arrested the burglar.
You came out of the room.
We drink our tea with sugar.
If we don't hit the road soon, we'll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic.
I'm very happy to see you.
As soon as you get the wall painted, you can go home.
After a six month period, his leg was healed and is normal again.
She taught music for thirty years.
She held on to my hand tightly.
I prefer swimming to skiing.
The sushi at this shop tastes good.
There is a television in this room.
You were jealous.
"What happened?" "The car broke down."
Did you call him up yesterday?
Your hair is too long.
He will be back soon.
Who can tell me how a light bulb works?
The sky suddenly began to darken.
I've heard nothing.
I waited for an hour, but he didn't appear.
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.
I have a wonderful teacher.
I seem to have a fever.
She took a walk before breakfast.
What time did you go to bed yesterday?
That's why I told you not to go by car.
Can you cancel?
This book is too difficult for you to read.
I hope to make it.
Your handwriting is very good.
I think I understand.
I want to sleep a little more.
I don't like coffee.
I've seen worse.
I'm available in case you need something.
Well done!
Don't come back.
I usually get up at eight o'clock.
We need to find it.
Tom took off his sunglasses.
I'm going through my closet to find clothes to give to charity.
She got up late.
He adopted the orphan.
He tore the book apart.
He lives near my house.
Drinking on an empty stomach is bad for your health.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
I think Tom shares too much personal information online.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
When was this temple built?
There are a lot of French books in the library.
I am terribly hungry.
I purchased a telescope and a book on astronomy.
He will come soon.
Tom has a strong sense of responsibility.
Would you please tell me your full name and address?
I love your accent.
Do you know who drank my coffee?
Grandfather is napping on the sofa.
Admission is free during Christmas break.
I'm looking for books on Roman history.
The car is parked in front of the building.
I avoid crossing the street here if I am in a hurry.
My whole body is sore.
I love you, too.
I don't need a babysitter.
We don't have to talk about this now.
I think he'll never return.
Do you think I'm too materialistic?
This is the best time of year to visit Boston.
Could you explain that one more time?
The plane arrived exactly at nine.
I'm sorry, I'm busy right now.
May I eat a little of it?
The two answers are both correct.
This movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years.
What are you staring at? Never seen a pretty lady?
You all right?
I wonder why anyone would want to do something like that.
My cat ran away and never came back.
Take him away.
Who is that woman?
I don't like that kind of house.
Tom's great-grandfather was born blind.
I want to spend all my time with you.
She breaks something every time she cleans the room.
He hit me twice.
I think they'll understand.
It's OK with me if it's OK with you.
It's the same thing.
The man cheated the old woman out of her money.
How many cats are there in this house?
You need to stop drinking.
It is exactly three o'clock now.
My daughter likes egg yolks.
The red dress looked good on her.
What are you looking at?
I'm not sure you have much of a choice.
Mother insists that we should be home by seven in the evening.
Tom is not old enough.
The teacher has a great influence on his pupils.
The box he found was empty.
She used to play tennis every Sunday.
I know all your songs by heart.
Let's leave that matter for later.
I went to many shops to look for the book.
Do you really want to raise these children by yourself?
My socks are wet.
Pay the cashier on the way out.
We have lots of things to do.
At that time, my mother was younger than I am now.
I've got to see a dentist.
Let me think for a while.
He came down to breakfast.
I don't have time to be sick.
I wish we had more time.
They were stuck for hours in a traffic jam.
I'm not good enough.
We've been without power for three days now.
He breathed his last breath.
Should I be concerned?
My mother bakes bread every morning.
I'm waiting for a reply.
There were only six people at the meeting.
I just got a good idea.
This apple tastes sour.
I've already made that mistake.
What is on Channel 10?
I forgot that Cristina read English.
All you have to do is just sit there and listen. You won't have to say anything.
I get it.
I broke a glass.
She's promised to give me a ring.
I can't believe you fell for that.
Playing golf is great fun.
Sorry, I mistook you for someone else.
Don't you think we're better off than we used to be?
It struck me that the girl was trying to hide something.
I owe him 100 yen.
Does your mom know where you were last night?
Tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework.
Why are you alone?
Give us two knives and four forks, please.
French was the language of diplomacy.
That actor is both attractive and good at acting.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo.
I shouldn't have left you alone.
My report is due tomorrow.
I made up my mind to be a doctor.
We don't have much snow here even in the winter.
Miniskirts have gone out of fashion.
Could you give me some change for this ten dollar bill?
Are you tired?
The last day to apply is the day after tomorrow.
Can you recommend any vegetarian dishes?
Do you really mean that?
I get dizzy spells when I stand up.
You aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?
Would you like to go see a movie with me?
I get the feeling that no one here is telling us the truth.
This report is still incomplete.
I'll tell you all I know about it.
For him to finish it in a day would be impossible.
Do you like spicy food?
Where is the toilet?
Next summer, I want to go to Hawaii.
How long is your Christmas vacation?
We want to know what this project is going to cost us.
I want to be a pilot in the future.
We have a lot of problems to deal with.
I have not eaten breakfast yet.
Will you show me what you bought?
Can you tell me how to fill in this form?
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
It's time to go to bed.
The homework is due next week.
Why didn't you believe me?
When did you get up this morning?
I can't draw a bird.
You don't need to worry about it.
Your new hair style makes you look older.
There's almost no milk left in the glass.
Tom was sitting under a tree, drinking wine.
Have you made a decision?
My shoes are bigger than yours.
Didn't I tell you to close the door?
No matter how fast you run, you won't catch up with him.
Who's your favorite philosopher?
The pie was delicious.
I've never seen him in jeans.
This cloth feels smooth.
Let me get you some coffee.
She is playing with a doll.
I bought this camera for 25,000 yen.
Don't people tell you you look like Audrey Hepburn?
I read your book.
He is always taking a nap at school.
I shouldn't have made this many sandwiches.
The boy who is swimming is my younger brother.
Give this ticket to whoever comes first.
We have a cat and a dog.
Do you still play the piano?
It's already eleven o'clock. I must be leaving now.
Can't you be a little more patient?
Both spellings are correct.
What we're doing now is very dangerous.
The baby is sucking his finger.
Have you ever tried skating on the river?
A minute has sixty seconds.
We went out for a walk after dinner.
We'll take your feelings into account.
That's what we're looking for.
We don't know what we're up against.
I don't want to go outside this afternoon.
This is the most beautiful flower in the garden.
I had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday.
What difference does it make if people are looking at us?
Could I get one more beer, please?
Please drive carefully.
Let's see what we can do.
I just bought some cardboard.
I like grape jelly best.
She began to sing.
She became engaged to the rich man.
What did you just say?
You were asleep by the time I got home.
As he talked, he got more and more excited.
Wouldn't it be great if there were 28 hours in a day?
Let me tell you something.
I couldn't find what I was looking for.
I have something in my eye.
Please open the door.
My sister was robbed of her bag on her way home last night.
Do you want to eat French, Japanese or Chinese food?
We don't have another choice.
Won't you sit down?
They looked everywhere for him, but couldn't find him anywhere.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.
I am a vegetarian.
Australia is the smallest continent in the world.
We have to sing at an old folks home today.
My son is now as tall as I am.
That's too good to be true.
I'll buy you a drink.
You said you had a contract.
This is food.
We live in a civilized society.
Everything is upside down.
It was a long war because neither side would give in.
Tom was told that he was too short.
How was your summer?
Are you proud of your father?
By the time the sun sets, we will arrive at the destination.
My mother is still working in the kitchen.
Short skirts are already out of fashion.
How much is this tie?
Over ten thousand messages are sent every second on Facebook.
I don't need a nap.
I demand to speak to the manager.
Will you tell me where I'm wrong?
Tom screamed.
That doesn't mean anything.
She took her dog to the park before breakfast.
Do you go to church on Christmas Day?
I'm going to ask him for an autograph. Do you have anything to write with?
He seldom writes to his parents.
When you shake hands with somebody, you must look him in the eye.
Tom's mother died in 2013.
He's a newcomer.
All the answers to this question were wrong.
Why do you always have to overcomplicate things?
We still have plenty of time left.
It's a ten-minute ride from here to the train station.
Ask me tomorrow.
Let me have a look at your video camera.
Watch out! There's a big hole there.
I am a member of the tennis club.
He tasted the cheesecake.
Only a few people came to the meeting yesterday.
Don't be fooled again.
The boy fell off the bed.
I don't like paying taxes.
What kind of monster would do such a thing?
He'll lend you his book.
Does this dress make me look fat?
I jumped for joy.
Tom told Mary that John was married.
This isn't a competition.
Is her father a doctor?
A burnt child dreads the fire.
Do you have any grounds for thinking so?
I haven't eaten anything in the past three days.
Who's your favorite singer?
Who are you trying to impress?
She put down her thoughts on paper.
Are you sure there wasn't some kind of misunderstanding?
You're reliable.
Are you in a good mood?
People think that it's easy.
Both of my parents are not strict with me.
How about going out for a drink after work?
The noise set the dog barking.
Don't be greedy.
Give me a coffee, please.
I'm ticklish.
Where are your children now?
She runs a beauty shop.
You don't have to go there.
I can't stand babies crying.
She loves watching tennis matches on TV.
Turn down the volume, please.
Do they speak French in Canada?
He had his car stolen last night.
Pianos are quite expensive, aren't they?
There is no water left in the bottle.
People are more educated now than they used to be.
How long will this take?
Let me help you with the dishes.
It isn't easy to get rid of a bad habit.
I saw the old man two or three times a week.
I'm very sorry I came home so late.
I failed the exam because I didn't study.
Where's the nearest subway station?
I like light colors.
I didn't ask Tom for help.
Her bicycle is blue.
This is the second time I've flown.
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today.
Tell her to call me.
It's warm today.
If you flunk this exam, you'll have to repeat the course.
Do you like eating fish?
That changes nothing.
What is the emergency telephone number?
I don't like heavy makeup on a young girl.
There is a fly on the ceiling.
He used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford it.
Where is the nearest bank?
You shouldn't be so picky about food.
Who is playing the guitar?
How did your interview go?
The children were so noisy that I couldn't study.
His request is as follows.
That cost him his job.
Please give us some examples.
Could you turn down the radio?
Our meeting rarely starts on time.
It is important for him to get the job.
That bridge is very beautiful.
He suddenly hung up the phone while I was speaking.
Begin.
You hope to be the first one to do that, don't you?
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
We want to know.
Do you know where the police station is?
I can't survive without air conditioning in the summer.
This is a free ticket.
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
My friends dropped by to see me the other day.
I liked walking alone on the deserted beach.
Tom couldn't live up to Mary's expectations.
How many are there in your class?
Tom wanted to come with us.
Do you study French at school?
Oil does not mix with water.
Did you enjoy the film?
Tom said there's problem with the TV.
I don't like walking home alone after dark.
You may borrow any of these books.
She made a promise to write to me every week.
What, may I ask, are you doing?
The dress I like most is the black one.
No one cares about that anymore.
I asked the waiter to see about getting us a better table.
She is leading by two meters.
Please introduce me to a cute girl.
Are you talking to me?
Many economists are ignorant of that fact.
Don't forget that it's Tom's birthday tomorrow.
I feel happiest when I'm at school.
He'll be a good husband.
Can you print out this document for me?
What's that picture inside your locker?
Tom said he needed to take a nap.
Is there a similar proverb in Japan?
Why do you insist on paying for your school expenses yourself, when your parents are willing to give you financial support?
I didn't answer your letter, because I was busy.
My stomach is growling.
Even though he has turned twenty, he's still too timid to chat with girls.
Do you know how many people turned up at the dance last week?
If it had not been for your aid, I would not have succeeded in my business.
There are no classes today.
I've lived here for thirty years.
We have to take this problem into consideration.
I'll walk you out.
I am certain that he will quit his job.
Is the movie theater near the station?
This is my email address.
This school is now coeducational.
He's three years older than I am.
What a waste!
I tried in vain to persuade them.
Give it a shot.
I like this dog.
He obviously lied.
Tired of reading, she took a nap.
Have you finished reading the newspaper?
I must remember to buy that book tomorrow.
We've only got one shot at this.
Your purse is similar to mine.
This rule doesn't apply to every case.
I couldn't do otherwise.
They aren't my books.
Tom told Mary she should get her eyes checked.
You'd better do as the doctor advised you.
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
Did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood?
We should invent a secret language.
You can leave your hat on.
I wish you were here with me now.
It occurred to me that I had left my purse at home.
The building will be completed in a year.
Tom forgot his trumpet at school.
Turn on the heater if you feel cold.
Tom has no idea how Mary ended up in Boston.
What did you say?
It was great working with Tom.
Do you think you can live on a dollar a day in America?
He has a hairy chest.
At first, I didn't like him.
Do you have a Twitter account?
Merry Christmas!
You don't understand anything.
I want to know why you're here.
You will miss Japanese food in the United States.
I hope the bus comes soon.
Would you mind speaking a little louder?
We need to burn all this stuff before the police get here.
The boy standing over there is my son.
I hear that even taxi drivers often get lost in Tokyo.
What was the weather yesterday?
I don't think Tom will hurt Mary.
Could you call again later, please?
It seems like there's no money left.
Why didn't you come?
Get rid of that heap of old newspapers.
He often walks with his hand in his pocket.
Of course you can trust me. Have I ever given you a bum steer before?
This morning, I saw an angel.
I wish I were as smart as you.
Nowadays children do not play outdoors.
Mary is too stubborn to apologize.
I must say something.
Do you have any further questions?
I don't really know why, but they don't like me.
I want something to eat.
Why are you looking so sad?
They don't eat meat.
He considered himself lucky.
Do you come here often?
Tom was my first boyfriend.
He claims to be a socialist, and yet he has two houses and a Rolls Royce.
It's not important.
Won't you have a seat?
They refused to believe what I told them.
Don't run here.
If you are going to smoke, please go outside.
They are generous with their money.
They installed a vending machine at work.
Get lost!
He gave his seat to the old man.
Although it looked like rain this morning, it has turned out fine.
She refused to accept the money.
I want to learn how to say this word in Arabic.
We chose her a nice birthday present.
I am at a loss what to buy him for his birthday.
May I have another piece of cake?
He threw a rock into the pond.
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.
I think the eggs that I just ate were rotten.
It is questionable whether this data can be relied on.
My father bought me a digital watch for birthday present.
I already have an envelope.
I would rather read a book at home than go out tonight.
That man knows how to get on the president's good side.
Who cared for the dog when you were away?
What's that sound?
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.
It depends on you.
How long is this pencil?
We're always going there! Let's go to a French restaurant for a change.
I always eat out.
I wish you'd come sooner.
If you are idle, be not solitary, if you are solitary, be not idle.
How many Christmas cards did you send?
When learning a foreign language, don't be afraid to make mistakes.
She introduced me to her brother.
How's work?
Will you let me try once more?
He conducted us on a tour around the lake.
I feel happiest when I am at home with my family.
Where did you spend your holidays?
There's nothing more to be done here.
I'd like a wake-up call at six tomorrow morning.
I want a doctor.
That's why I told you not to go by yourself.
Tom may not need our help.
Well, that's what Tom said.
Please don't bother me.
We rested for a while.
Would you mind turning down the radio?
Would you speak more slowly, please?
I only had a piece of toast and a cup of coffee this morning.
They moved here three years ago.
Tom is the captain of this baseball team.
How dare you speak to me like that!
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Last night, I went to bed without brushing my teeth.
I wonder if life exists on other planets.
To tell the truth, I would rather stay at home than go out.
We're short on time.
I don't understand this word.
Don't lean against the wall.
I'm your boyfriend.
It's not polite to point at others.
Father and I go fishing once in a while.
Will you come with me to the concert?
Can you read that sign ahead of us?
He is a bit like his father.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji.
Does the room have a bath?
She's learning to swim.
He forgot to lock the door.
If you agree to buy 3,000 of them, we'll give you a 3 percent discount.
I screwed up the very first note.
He put his tools away after he had finished.
She doesn't have to go to school on Saturday.
As is usual with him, he arrived a quarter of an hour late.
I left your umbrella on the bus.
All five rabbits were eaten by the hungry wolves.
Now it's your serve.
I have another question.
Let's not quibble over trivial matters.
Christmas is just two weeks from now.
Let me see the pictures you took in Paris.
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
The man is old.
Beware of pickpockets here.
I'll let you decide.
My father neither drinks nor smokes.
It's difficult to teach people what they aren't willing to learn.
I wish I'd known that.
We've run out of tea.
My daughter loves jumping rope.
I met your parents yesterday.
We ran into them at the bus terminal.
She accompanied her friend to the concert.
We live in the neighborhood of the school.
With the approach of Christmas, business improved somewhat.
I said I'm sorry.
I saw him swim across the river.
They were clearing the snow from the sidewalk with a shovel.
I'm dying of thirst.
He still remembers you.
His son is eight years old.
Do you have a preference?
I don't care if it snows.
He can speak English and French.
Let's go out tonight?
What'll you do after graduation?
I don't want an apology. I want an explanation.
I'm sorry, my father is out.
At first glance, the question seemed easy.
I know nothing about music.
Was the movie good?
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."
Last night, he studied all night long.
Now drink up.
She has been looking after her sick sister for ten years.
A fallen tree obstructed the road.
He has only a superficial knowledge of Japanese.
The president laughed in spite of himself.
Our train arrived on time.
Is this your house?
"What time is it?" "It's 3:20."
His picture was in the newspaper.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
Driving too fast is dangerous.
He did not die of cancer.
I don't want to be the one who breaks the news to her.
I will deal with this problem.
Ice turns back into water when it melts.
That job paid well.
I heard her speaking English as fluently as an American.
I'd like to reserve a table for two.
It's ten o'clock sharp.
I've been rather busy.
The rocket ought to have reached the moon by now.
Tom owns a yellow sports car.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
Korean food is generally very spicy.
Tom is always trying to be cool.
I like reading.
Hurry up! If not then we'll miss the bus.
I was a chemistry major in college.
We need to pay attention.
I like playing tennis.
He is influential.
I made friends with a student from abroad.
That's a bit of a problem.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
I haven't finished reading this book.
I planted roses in the garden.
The girl resembles her mother.
For some reason or other I cannot bring myself to work.
I may be unsociable, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
She may have to quit her job next month.
That bus will take you to the zoo.
Now that you are grown up, you must not behave like a child.
How cold is it where you live?
She looked as if she hadn't eaten in days.
What was the best present you got last Christmas?
In high school, French was my favorite subject.
There's something I'd like to show you.
If I had known about your illness, I could have visited you in the hospital.
I'm afraid of owls.
I followed your suggestion.
I have to buy Christmas gifts.
He thinks he knows everything.
I'm on my way out.
He got hurt in the accident at work.
I see why you don't want to go there.
Are you free on Tuesday?
Here. Take this with you. It might come in handy.
They say he is the best tennis player.
She poured boiling water into the cup.
Tom is as tall as his father.
She plays piano as well as the guitar.
What do you eat on Christmas Day?
Mary rested her head on Tom's shoulder.
When I was a kid, touching bugs didn't bother me a bit. Now I can hardly stand looking at pictures of them.
Call me when you're ready to go.
We'll continue this discussion later.
This bus can hold fifty people.
The accident was brought about by his carelessness.
He was the last person to arrive.
Let me see it.
What do you think she is doing now?
I don't have anything to write about.
Don't worry.
Do you know how to use this camera?
Almost everyone arrived on time.
What do you want to eat?
I am afraid that you will get lost.
I must be on my way.
Would you please not leave the door open?
She is never on time.
His body was never found.
I walk in the forest every day.
I lost the door key, so I can't enter the house.
Will you take me there?
You must've been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.
I dozed off in the train and slept right past my station.
They are about to start.
He is a fishmonger.
I had trouble falling asleep last night.
I won't lose!
I don't think this is an unreasonable request.
May I ask where you work?
Let me spell it out for you.
She got married in her teens.
My older sister takes a shower every morning.
Don't be stingy.
Write these words in your notebook.
Three children are playing in the park.
What is the language spoken in Brazil?
Tomorrow is my birthday.
I know how to use this.
It's a little cold today.
I'd like to have a glass of wine.
There are sixty seconds in a minute.
He asked me two questions.
I regret having fallen in love with a girl like her.
Please write about your real experience.
This machine is too heavy for me to carry.
I'm not a magician.
More than 3,000 people were at the concert.
Make sure that the dog does not escape.
Lenin ordered them to rebel.
Can I pay with a credit card?
I can't sit still.
Do you know what time it is?
He has a cold.
I won't disappoint you.
When does the restaurant close?
You may come whenever you like.
They arrived half an hour early.
Take a nap.
Since I was thirsty, I drank water.
We have to do the best that we can.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you leave.
See you tomorrow in the library.
Can you read this kanji?
I'd like to play tennis with you some day.
That guy is always asking his parents for money.
He can speak five languages.
It will take him two hours to finish the work.
One can't help many, but many can help one.
We elected him president.
We had better start before it begins to rain.
The black one is mine.
I wrote three letters last night.
Did you go to the doctor?
This song reminds me of my childhood.
I remember that man's name very well.
It's getting dark. Please turn the light on for me.
I'm a college student.
Hurry up, or we'll be late.
I imagine you would do the same thing if you were in my position.
Don't tell them.
Tom gave me a few dollars.
Water becomes solid when it freezes.
It was like that when I bought it.
I had a good night's sleep.
He does not know how to drive a car.
We won't have a chance to do that.
The lecture was boring.
We really miss Tom.
He has no sense of right and wrong.
How about having a drink after we finish our work today?
Tom has three dogs.
It took a lot of time and money to build the machine.
I heard explosions.
I'm hungry because I didn't eat breakfast.
My mother has good handwriting.
What's the price of this radio?
Don't be fooled.
You should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out.
He lived in France for some time, then went to Italy.
The judge sentenced him to one year's imprisonment.
I can barely stand.
This movie is suitable for children.
You're worried. I can tell.
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?
Don't be sad.
He never drinks except on special occasions.
I'm waiting for him.
I repeated exactly what he had said.
"Just go in and tell the boss you want a raise." "That's easier said than done."
Everyone was listening very carefully.
Does he go to school by bus?
Get your mother to do your homework!
To the Hilton Hotel, please.
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.
By the way, what is your address?
Cut the meat into thin slices.
I have no appetite.
I will be free next Saturday.
I have to go to the bank now.
I hear he's just begun looking for another job.
Yesterday a truck hit this wall.
I don't know for certain.
He pays with a credit card.
He is not a good driver.
Give me a call tonight.
I haven't told anybody else.
If you touch that wire, you will receive a shock.
Three Chinese students were admitted to the college.
I put my suitcase in the trunk.
I can't sleep at night.
Nowadays, almost every home has one or two televisions.
When can we have a discussion about this?
The heroine of this story is a little girl.
By the way, did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
Get me up at eight.
Tom comes here almost every Saturday.
When is the paper due?
Please help yourself to the chocolate cake.
It's a good rule to look both ways before you cross the street anywhere.
What do you usually do on Christmas Day?
Do you speak French?
Is this the first time you've eaten here?
How much is the entrance fee?
Come home before six.
Do they sell notebooks at that store?
This is my business address.
I forgot to stick a stamp on the envelope.
Don't slip on the ice.
Father doesn't allow me to drive.
"When do you get up?" "I get up at eight."
What do you study a foreign language for?
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
I didn't steal anything.
There's a hole in this sock.
Is physical education a required course?
Which high school do you attend?
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
I think of watching TV as a waste of time.
John is two years older than I am.
Do you love me?
Can all birds fly?
This is the finest view I have ever seen.
Tell me what you're crying about.
Her beauty is indescribable.
After asking for my key at the front desk, I took the elevator to my floor.
I would like to learn how to dance.
How many people are likely to show up?
Have you arrived at a decision yet?
How come you didn't say anything?
I've actually never seen it.
I lost my key.
Where can I buy a bathing suit?
I didn't have breakfast this morning.
Talk slower.
You look very tired.
Your book is here.
Are you still mad at me?
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
Do you like Japanese food?
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.
His girlfriend is Japanese.
Don't harm them.
Why don't you just fire Tom?
The bus hasn't come yet.
How many apples do you want me to buy?
How many books are there on the table?
No sooner had the child seen his mother than he burst into tears.
College is a waste of time.
It is no use blaming him for the accident now.
I wish I were you.
I prefer milk to juice.
What sort of coats are in fashion this year?
Who is this girl?
I bought this book for myself, not for my wife.
I took your umbrella by mistake.
He gets tired easily.
We killed time by playing cards.
Tom's handwriting isn't very good, but it's easy to read.
I'm going to do that again.
There's a big hole in your sock.
I just need some time alone.
Is there anything to drink in the refrigerator?
It is impossible for me to finish the work in a day.
I have complete confidence in Tom.
I didn't know what to do then.
Tell me you didn't see that coming.
I'm not going to need a heavy coat where I'm going.
We're newcomers.
I don't really like you.
Has he come yet?
Let me try again.
I can't come up with a plan right now.
Do you enjoy singing Christmas songs?
My brother is rich.
I don't like him because he loses his temper easily.
Here are your keys.
Please tell me how to get to the airport.
Divide this line segment into twenty equal parts.
She must go there.
Tom had no money.
That problem has been shelved for the time being.
When was the last time you celebrated Christmas with your whole family?
My father has gone to America.
The committee consists of scientists and engineers.
He went up the steps slowly.
You should eat more fruit.
You're the smartest person I know.
There is no school during August.
The kids are scared.
Can you speak English?
You never let me do what I want to do.
One of my sons is a teacher, and the other is a doctor.
My father teaches English at a high school.
When are you free?
The police suspect that he robbed the bank.
Does she play piano?
Where is your father?
I'm starting to get cold.
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.
He not only speaks French, but he speaks Spanish, too.
She can't cook well.
He has a Picasso.
Could you turn the volume down?
Don't tell anyone yet.
Should anyone call on me in my absence, tell him that I will be back soon.
Although he may be clever, he is not wise.
I cycle to work.
If you want to hear a scary story, I'll tell you about a dream I had a few weeks ago.
Tom won $10,000 in the lottery.
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
I think it's you who should apologize to her.
You should prepare a room for the visitor.
I had instant noodles as a midnight snack.
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.
Don't call me up after ten o'clock.
There is an apple under the desk.
Is there a gas station around here?
You should think about your retirement.
I'm sorry, but I don't have change.
I'm trying to save room for dessert.
I'll meet him at the earliest opportunity possible.
The child caught the cat by the tail.
He began to eat his breakfast.
He explained his position to me.
It's difficult to teach people what they're not willing to learn.
We differ from them in some respects.
This is very good ice cream. Won't you have some?
Why are you crying?
We know everything you know.
Here's an example.
I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
Tom goes to the supermarket almost every day.
The next time that I see you, you will be quite different.
The kitten is taking a nap.
Why don't we sit down?
We came back by way of Hong Kong.
I have an urge to buy something.
I wonder what the weather will be tomorrow.
"Is he seriously ill?" "I hope not."
What inspired you to write this song?
I had almost finished my work when she came.
Politicians are good at raising money.
They are on their way home.
My sister is pretty.
I miss my elementary teachers very much.
It is no use arguing with him.
Who did you buy those flowers for?
My father has gone to the United States.
This morning I missed the 8:30 train by five minutes.
Now that you mention it, I don't remember seeing Tom in class today.
Christmas is definitely my favorite holiday.
I'm so embarrassed I could dig a hole and crawl into it.
He asked me why I was laughing.
Where can I buy tickets?
You should've called me.
I took to her the moment I met her.
Can I borrow it?
She could not cope with anxiety.
May I have a glass of beer, please?
It's all over for me. I lost my job.
While napping, I had a strange dream.
Will you look after my dog while I am away?
He wrote a book on China.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
We need carrots and tomatoes for the soup.
Some of my friends can speak English well.
He was standing at the side of the road.
The moon moves around the earth.
This camera is less expensive than that one.
We have way too much work to do.
It would be better for you to stay away from such a man.
I will include the author's and publisher's names.
Where can I find a cab?
You may choose whichever you like.
They always wake up early, even on Sundays.
He would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt when the car crashed.
Most of his friends are girls.
Do you know how to drive a car?
I thought I told you to cut your hair.
How much do these two honey doughnuts cost?
I held up my hand to stop a taxi.
This dictionary is very expensive, but is worth buying.
Even if you know the truth, you had better pretend otherwise at present.
Ignorance is bliss.
I drank too much again.
You must consider what kind of work you want to do.
What's the length of this bridge?
I always cry at weddings.
How did you get to know him?
Turtles don't have teeth.
I think we've bought everything we need.
This is just a symptom of a much bigger problem.
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
This is obviously impossible.
This is Room 839.
I took it for granted that he would win the race.
I know Tom quite well.
I don't think Tom is telling the truth.
There is no more cheese left.
This looks kind of cute.
Tom is more famous than Mary.
Sooner or later, the truth'll come out.
I'll take that as a compliment.
Could you drive more slowly?
I don't put sugar in my coffee.
It is said that truth always triumphs.
Once upon a time, there lived a stingy old man in the village.
The station is nearby.
It's easy.
Could you stand behind my car for a minute and tell me if my brake lights are working?
She looks pretty no matter what she wears.
I've lost interest in golf.
I don't recall asking you for help.
I'm feeling stressed.
The bus drivers are on strike today.
My hometown is very pretty.
The meeting went pretty well.
Did you believe in Santa Claus when you were a child?
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.
Please sign here.
"Tom, hurry up." "I'm coming!"
You can't be hungry. You've just had dinner.
Most Hollywood movies have a happy ending.
His older brother passed away last month.
It's time for me to go to bed.
Someone stepped on my foot on the train.
I think it could happen.
I'm not always in the office in the morning.
I don't know how to pronounce this word.
This book is too difficult to read in a week.
Her mother has gone shopping.
This is the restaurant where we had dinner last week.
Break the chocolate into small pieces.
You should learn to restrain yourself.
Illness prevented me from coming to school.
I don't want to know what's going to happen.
I'm not sure of it either.
I have an older brother and a younger sister.
Have you already signed the contract?
Does it hurt to get your ears pierced?
One minute has sixty seconds.
Drive slowly.
I can't see anything with my right eye.
When I was in high school, I used to earn extra money babysitting.
How do you plan to help?
I am afraid I must be going now.
We tried to come to a compromise with them.
Last week five students were absent from class.
I asked Tom what he meant.
He did better than last time.
I love talking to you.
I'll be seventeen next year.
I like this skirt. May I try it on?
I spent a lot of time listening to music.
It's windy.
Aren't you cold in short sleeves?
Thank you for lending us the book.
This pen belongs to me.
Who did you give it to?
He asked me a question.
Did you make this doll by yourself?
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
Tom seems to know who that woman is.
My watch gains one minute a day.
Where did you learn French?
When I was a boy, I always got up early.
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
My father and I go fishing once in a while.
I'd like to know why you weren't here yesterday.
Where can I buy stamps?
Let me get you something to drink.
My father takes a walk every morning.
Silk feels soft and smooth.
I'll meet you at the usual place.
She left her ticket at home.
How much do the carrots cost?
I ate a hot dog for lunch.
Don't go out in this heat without wearing a hat.
There's no use crying over spilt milk.
There is a house on the hill.
Cattle feed on grass.
How could you help me?
Do you like to sing?
Why do you know that?
Because of the bad weather, he couldn't come.
He ordered a chop suey.
It was expensive, too.
I'm tired of watching television.
Call me up whenever you need my help.
Tom is wearing a hat like mine.
He's always looking at you. He must love you.
We're expecting a lot of people to attend the ceremony.
It is dangerous to swim here.
I can't think of his name just now.
It is getting cooler and cooler.
Your birthday is drawing near.
You may take this book as long as you keep it clean.
Try to look at it from my point of view.
I'm in a good mood today.
Did you have any trouble finding the place?
There's nothing I could ever say that would make Tom change his mind.
"Do you mind opening the window?" "Not at all."
Have you finished packing yet?
Do you have a pencil?
What does the word "get" mean in this sentence?
What does SFX stand for?
He is playing golf.
Tom isn't interested.
He wants you to stay here.
His car has just been repaired.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
Look at yourself, your whole mouth is full of food.
My house was broken into last night.
Now we have enough people to play mahjong.
Why were you late this morning?
Where are you guys now?
Let's put up the Christmas tree here.
The castle was transformed into a marvelous museum.
This knife cuts well.
My camera was stolen.
We used to sing together all the time when we were children.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend.
The bike parked over there is my brother's.
She gets up at seven.
The taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather.
You don't have to answer quickly.
I'm not used to hard work.
You will soon get accustomed to the noises.
If anyone calls me up while I'm away, tell them I'll be back by five.
If you don't leave now, you'll be late.
I have a nap almost every day.
You're right.
They've been trained.
I don't know where she lives.
Eating too much is bad for your health.
It is not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
You'll find it impossible to live there.
May I ask some questions?
I don't want to let that happen.
They are likely to agree to our plan.
She was not merely beautiful, but also talented.
You'd better go there on foot.
I want a guitar.
I burned myself with boiling water.
What kind of music do you want at your wedding?
I promise I'll be nice to you from now on.
Did you go abroad for pleasure or on business?
Please give me a sheet of paper.
The doctor prescribed medicine for the patient.
You don't understand.
You have to hurry.
I'd like a window seat, please.
I give you plenty of money each month.
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.
You may be right about that.
He showed us some pictures.
You should talk to the teacher yourself.
Is the rat alive or dead?
I'm feeling dizzy.
The people here are particular about what they eat, so even if a restaurant is inexpensive, it'll soon go out of business if the food doesn't taste good.
How could this be?
You haven't told anyone else, have you?
I love that commercial.
I love reading books.
You have only to sign your name here.
I don't care where we eat dinner. It's entirely up to you.
What will you do after graduation?
For your birthday, I'll buy you anything you want.
This is the pen that I lost yesterday.
How's everything at work?
He ordered a beer.
Thanks for being on time.
We're on our way.
We buy eggs by the dozen.
Tomorrow is Sunday.
You have only to ask for it.
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.
Both those students passed all the tests.
The sisters look like each other.
I don't think she takes after her mother.
Thank you for all the help you've given us.
Come and see me when it is convenient for you.
I don't like to go outside when it's raining.
Are you guys talking about me?
Tom is taking a nap.
He doesn't like to eat fish.
The houses caught fire one after another.
We're on our way home.
Tom is pretty heavy.
Why are you the way that you are?
I prefer French films to American ones.
I think it's time for me to make some new friends.
Give me some more tea.
I must apologize to you for breaking the vase.
We've been having strange weather the past few years.
He boasted about his skills.
We took turns driving the car.
You had better go to bed right away, or your cold will get worse.
The noise is getting louder and louder.
The picture looks better at a distance.
What did we get wrong?
You can keep this one for yourself.
He was in the process of making a final decision.
My plane leaves at six o'clock.
Guess how tall I am.
The old man possesses great wealth.
Everybody says I look like my father.
You only notice those who are loud and obnoxious. You don't notice the majority who are just normal people and keep to themselves.
He's on his way.
I was expecting it!
I miss you very much.
Don't walk home alone.
This isn't my umbrella; it's somebody else's.
It is no use going to school if you are not going to study.
Nobody would loan me money.
I don't have a ticket.
Who told you that?
Tom is hard of hearing, isn't he?
I want to help you with your homework.
She seems to be possessed by an evil spirit.
We'll be broke soon if we don't stop spending money on things we don't need.
I'm sorry you got dragged into this.
The train arrived on time.
Let me die.
There is not much difference between the two.
I can't be without you.
I think you should come stay at my place.
"Are you students?" "Yes, we are."
They advanced on the enemy.
It's hard to say.
There is a little milk left in the bottle.
He's popular with the students.
His income is now double what it was ten years ago.
He came home at almost midnight.
Where can I buy some toothpaste?
You don't have to talk so loud.
She gave me a nice pair of shoes.
What's the difference?
We have not been notified about their change of address.
Hello!
Life is often compared to a journey.
Send Tom away.
Thanks for all the help you've given me.
To speak English well is difficult.
Go away!
I don't even know where.
I promised that I would be back soon.
I have been typing this report since this morning, but I'm only halfway through.
How many people did you buy Christmas presents for this year?
Tom hasn't been so lucky.
The audience clapped loudly after his speech.
Excuse me, what time is it?
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I bought these medications for my father.
It is likely to rain today.
"Have you seen my cell phone?" "It's on the table."
Since I was all by myself, I felt a bit lonely.
We need to get this truck unloaded before it starts raining.
If you bite me, I'll bite back.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
I don't usually carry much with me when I travel.
He's very smart, and he's handsome too.
I can't find my watch.
Does anyone know what happened?
Here is a letter for you.
Be serious.
We need to get rid of all this stuff.
I had my hair cut at a barber's shop.
She went to bed late last night.
She made it clear that she couldn't make it in time for the meeting.
The policeman arrested him for speeding.
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."
Does she still have a temperature?
Fighting won't settle anything.
My boy can't do addition properly yet.
I don't know where he lives.
He looked as if he hadn't eaten for days.
Tom can swim much faster than I can.
Is this a picture that you yourself drew?
Why aren't you sleepy?
I realize I'm new here, but I have a suggestion.
He failed the entrance exam.
He asked me whether I was busy.
What time is it now by your watch?
I thought we could talk about anything.
She has a house by the sea.
The man reading a book over there is my father.
Where are you going to go on your vacation?
He banged the door in anger.
Please let me know the schedule beforehand.
You need to eat more vegetables.
He sometimes forgets to take books back to the library.
Don't get your hopes up.
You're driving too fast.
I didn't need to pay for the food.
I received a letter written one week ago.
How do you know where I live?
Long bibliographies don't impress anyone.
There was a lot of snow last year.
I'm afraid it'll rain tomorrow.
I want to speak to your manager.
Is she a taxi driver?
The students often copy each other's homework.
I have a sore throat.
A woman wrote 30 books about how to become happy, and then committed suicide.
I'm at the police station.
He got up an hour early this morning.
I can't hear what you're saying.
Don't cry.
I came by myself.
I don't know where your book is.
You have a very nice room.
I had completely forgotten about that.
I'll be sure to tell Tom that.
We've been dating for three months now.
He proved to be a spy.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your haircut.
Now that you're a college student, you should study harder.
The doctor is not available now.
Did you read the whole book?
I have a stomachache.
I didn't vote for you.
I think it'd be better if you lay down.
Aren't you supposed to be at school today?
Excuse me, I'm lost.
Could you please speak a little slower?
Can you play the violin?
Nothing is more important than health.
I'm not interested in the tea ceremony or flower arranging.
We don't know what causes cancer.
I have a degree in philosophy.
Tom stuck out his tongue and took a selfie.
This is really not the time.
They have been married for twenty years.
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.
I've told you a million times not to exaggerate.
The book is red.
I'm angry.
He has made the same mistake twice.
His breath smells like goat cheese.
We lost our way and did not know what to do.
Who's funding the project?
She frequently gets sugar and salt mixed up.
Everybody is waiting for you.
We're still the best in the world.
What do you say to taking a walk in the park?
Aren't you working today?
The kite got caught in the tree.
He lent me what little money he had.
Tom took a nap for thirty minutes.
People used to think that only humans could use language.
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and some are yellow.
I heard that he'd died.
We'd better not get caught.
Please tell me your name and telephone number.
I decided not to go.
Sometimes you just want to eat chocolate.
Tom decided to stay.
We'll try to stop by sometime tomorrow morning.
As far as I know, this is the latest edition.
He is always giving presents to his wife.
It is almost three.
You shouldn't lie.
This house is mine.
I think that Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
We're sure that it was an accident.
I asked him not to bother me.
Somebody must break the sad news to her mother.
I have no money, but I have dreams.
What if he should happen to be late?
I arrived too early.
No one goes there anymore.
"What's the time?" "It's 2:30."
Let's go by taxi, OK?
Tom poured some milk in a bowl for his cats.
I wish I had a room of my own.
Are there any English magazines in this library?
She asked him to not quit his job.
Who are you talking about?
Just because you can, doesn't mean that you should.
I saw him go into the toilet a few minutes ago.
Did you have breakfast this morning?
I don't feel like going out.
Which house did you live in?
I'm not going to stay forever.
She raised her hand for the bus to stop.
We're leaving early tomorrow morning.
Is it OK to sing here?
They tried to kill me.
Please shut the door behind you.
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present.
My sister made me a beautiful doll.
As a result of the war, many people died.
Don't put the wallet on the top of the heater.
I really want to know her name.
The cottage looked as if nobody were living in it.
Today's paper contains nothing of importance.
It's not all that uncommon for people to live past the age of ninety.
Can you teach me French?
Tom didn't know that Mary could speak French.
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
Where's the changing room?
She'll come even if you tell her not to.
Well, that explains it.
I'm blind in the right eye.
She saved a hundred dollars.
It matters.
I want to learn standard English.
Give me your word that you won't do that.
Tom knocked on the door to Mary's room.
I'll drive you home.
I met him on my way home.
Twelve years old is old for a dog.
It's because of you that we were able to complete this job on time.
Where can I buy it?
The woman is beautiful.
I kept the seat warm for you.
Do you have a lighter?
This telephone is out of order.
Tom put his money in the box, and then put the box in the drawer.
I saw my neighbor's dog running around in the yard.
Can you make sashimi out of this fish I just caught?
Please give me an ashtray.
Your shirt button is coming off.
Are you coming home for dinner tonight?
She is certain to be surprised.
I promise I'll pay you back.
Is it just me or does he look a bit like Obama?
He has two cats.
Guess who I ran into today.
We aren't always at home on Mondays.
Please drop in at my house on your way home.
I had no idea there'd be this many people here.
You'd better take an umbrella.
Only a handful of people know the fact.
I want to see the movie again.
We had better go home rather than wait here.
I got terrible grades this term.
He is worried about losing his job.
We sat in the front.
What souvenirs did you buy?
She put salt into her coffee by mistake.
Oranges are sweeter than lemons.
Don't insult me.
What are you learning at school?
The wet vase left a mark on the table.
She is progressing in Chinese.
He did not make his position clear.
I arrived there too early.
We have a long journey ahead of us.
I'm thinking about putting my house up for sale.
I'll never forget the day when we first met.
My watch loses three minutes a day.
I love studying history.
As soon as she read the letter, she began to cry.
I think so, too.
There's only one bath towel in our bathroom.
You should assume that email messages aren't private.
The door opened and a man came out.
Come towards me.
What's for dinner tonight?
I can read without glasses.
It was obvious that they had told a lie.
Who did you kill?
You have my permission to meet with him.
I bought this T-shirt on sale.
I don't like him any more than he likes me.
When was she born?
My cat likes it when I scratch her behind the ears.
She plays tennis every Sunday.
How long does it take to walk from here to the station?
We were attacked by swarms of bees.
I bought him a drink in return for his help.
We hurried to the airport only to miss the plane.
Did they find it?
I spilled coffee all over my shirt.
I forgot to tell you my phone number.
Will you have dinner with me?
He apologized profusely.
I know a good Italian restaurant.
The situation there was critical.
I'm all for it.
Have you been busy lately?
I'm right.
He kicked me twice.
I am not always at home on Sundays.
I couldn't rent a car.
I spoke to him in English, but I couldn't make myself understood.
Please turn up the air conditioner.
That's just a guess.
I wrote more today than yesterday.
Will you cook something for me?
How many hours did you work this week?
Tom and Mary grew up in Boston.
Comb your hair before you go out.
I'm planning to leave for Europe next week.
Is there any chance you can get that done by 2:30?
You need to take this medicine three times a day.
Why must you give away all of my secrets?
Eleven o'clock is good for me.
How much time did it take you to learn Chinese so well?
I feel like throwing up.
Don't waste time.
I can't speak French.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is now.
My mother takes a nap every afternoon.
What did you do last year on Christmas Day?
Where can I buy a pair of sunglasses?
How many Christmas cards did you write last year?
Would you read my letter and correct the mistakes, if any?
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
Close that door.
I wish I had treated the girl more kindly.
You made your mother cry.
I held my breath in excitement.
You're the only person I trust.
Louis Braille, who was blind from the age of three, invented a way for the blind to read.
My father listens to classical music.
It would be nice if you could come.
I don't know yet.
I'm not saying that your answers are always wrong.
Are you coming or not?
I'm not lucky.
Japanese eat three meals a day.
Although her house is nearby, I seldom see her.
I've asked Tom not to do that.
I'd like to teach in a school with highly-motivated students.
He was ignorant of the plot to assassinate him.
It is more blessed to give than to receive.
He is taller than any other boy.
I sprained my finger while playing volleyball.
My mother is reading a magazine.
Did everyone do their homework?
An Englishman would not pronounce it like that.
I won't forgive you if you do that again.
Get back inside.
I am angry that she didn't keep her promise.
After they had finished their work, they went out.
I don't want to get my hands dirty.
You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in.
My father works for a power company.
It will go away by itself in two weeks.
I was searching for something that didn't exist.
All the words underlined in red should be checked for spelling.
Five plus two equals seven.
It will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot.
May I take a rest?
You're taller than me.
The button came off.
I love music, particularly classical.
We heard something moving in the next room.
It is what everybody says.
You don't have to hide anything from me.
I didn't want to help Tom.
How much does that cost?
Where's the bus stop?
I met your girlfriend.
He's always looking at you.
They booted him out of school for not studying.
Either you or he is wrong.
I'll have a cup of coffee, please.
What's your favorite Christmas carol?
I have something I want to say to you.
I can't keep up with you if you walk so fast.
I want to stay here.
I'll go whenever you like.
When will it begin?
I've worn holes in my socks.
Where can I buy bricks?
I've fallen in love with you.
Drive carefully.
Nobody can foresee when the war will end.
He was disappointed at not being invited.
If you like Tom so much, why not break up with me and date him?
Do you eat meat?
You can't pick who you fall in love with.
Keep your hands off my typewriter.
Tufts University is a very famous school in Boston.
He's swimming now.
She gave birth to twins a week ago.
Even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness.
I lost my wedding ring.
When will you ever learn?
I don't care for green tea.
She goes to night school.
There is a hole in his sock.
I'm too tired to walk any longer.
Do you know the meaning of this word?
The news finally reached me last night.
The point is whether she will come or not.
I don't like your girlfriend.
I think that's too expensive.
We have time to sing one more song.
He helps us.
The house is opposite the church. You can't miss it.
They asked me what my name was, where I came from, and why I had come.
When I want to cry, I think of you.
My car is large enough to carry five people.
I thought she was angry at me because I didn't pay the bill in time.
I like playing the piano.
Is dinner ready?
This is Greek to me.
She is a native speaker of French.
I could hear the dog barking all night long.
The police will just take the money and probably won't even look for the owner.
Even though I studied English for 6 years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Do you think Tom is all right?
I thought that would be a great idea.
There are several forms of government.
I hope we don't get into trouble.
It has started to rain.
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared.
Bring the water to a boil.
I know him.
I don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month.
Whether he comes or not, the result will be the same.
The garden was larger than I had expected.
You had better put out the fire before you go to bed.
I promise you that you'll get a raise after a year.
There are many craters on the moon.
He turned on the radio.
This flower is yellow, but all the others are blue.
Tom wanted to buy a new pair of tennis shoes.
I don't remember where I put my key.
Can you say that again?
Did he come by bus or by train?
She is a good swimmer.
I always read the sports page first.
May I say something?
I'm sorry if I woke you.
It seems to me that you don't agree.
I forgot to ask him.
Hey, what are you doing?
I had my hair cut at the barber's.
You are not to speak to him while he is studying.
What would it cost to have this chair repaired?
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it's cold.
I love that restaurant.
You will soon adapt yourself to this new life.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
He was scared you would shoot him.
I remember meeting you somewhere.
His car broke down on the way to work.
The bridge is approximately a mile long.
I get bored quickly in everything I do.
When Mary reached the bus stop, the last bus had already left.
I can put up with a house being untidy, but I don't like it to be dirty.
I didn't get much sleep last night so I was nodding off all day at work.
No matter how he tried, he could not open the door.
Close the door before going to bed.
That's exactly what Tom wants.
Are there any movie theaters near here?
I said that to please my mother.
What time does the next train leave for Tokyo?
The police were unable to get anything out of the woman.
How many Christmas presents did you give this year?
I'm waiting for you to help me.
We have no school tomorrow.
Don't open the window.
Does this dress look good on me?
I hope you like spicy food.
Tom wanted to take a nap before dinner.
I don't have anything else to do.
I've lost my appetite.
I went there dozens of times.
Why are you so interested?
It's too small.
Tell us the story from beginning to end.
After a while, the man came into the room.
I'm sorry, my mother's not at home.
Please send me a catalogue.
This is the house he was born in.
Why did you say such a thing?
My mother and father are sending me to Boston for the summer to visit my cousins.
There's no money left in my bank account.
It's a difficult job.
I found this book interesting.
I'm looking for a small suitcase.
Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.
The actors are waiting on the stage.
I was waiting for a taxi.
How did your test go?
By the way, I have something to tell you.
I met Tom on the way.
They are pushing me for payment.
His name is on the tip of my tongue.
Don't let her go out after dark.
You are always complaining about your husband.
A young man barged in unexpectedly.
"Thank you for helping me." "Don't mention it."
"Will he come?" "No, I don't think so."
I'll give you a day to think about it.
I would like to pay with a credit card.
You don't fool me, you know.
It is often said that nothing is more precious than time.
No one was hurt.
Come on, get up.
How much is the handling charge?
He asked me my age, my name, my address, and so forth.
Somebody's in a good mood.
Excuse me, but is this the right way to the subway station?
You spend too much time worrying about things that don't matter.
I can tell you later.
Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
His parents expect too much of him.
I want to want what you want.
You might at least say thank you.
All my friends like playing videogames.
These old customs have been handed down from generation to generation.
Do you have a pen?
The horse ran fast.
That's not what I meant.
I think that everyone should study a foreign language.
My father came home at nine.
Don't ask me not to sing.
My mobile has been stolen.
When are you going to stop laughing like an idiot?
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
I thought your dad took away your credit card.
I got on the wrong bus.
"Can I join you?" "Sure."
You should smoke less.
I just found an old diary.
Will the experiment succeed?
Which book is yours?
Who'll take care of the dog while we're gone?
I like white roses better than red ones.
His writing is very subjective.
Tom wants to take you home.
I shave every morning.
The beauty of the scene was beyond description.
He doesn't want to wait for you.
I cried all night long.
When you yawn, cover your mouth with your hand.
Is it far from here?
My father is always busy.
Tom and Mary sat on the beach and talked to each other.
No one listens anymore.
What shall we buy him for his birthday?
You may not smoke in this room.
This poem was originally written in French.
Wow! That's cheap!
These trees were planted by them.
The teachers are trying to motivate their students.
That's incredibly rude.
What was the hotel called? I can't remember.
I've bought some cream puffs. Do you want one?
I'm happy that I can see you.
Did you practice the piano this morning?
Don't be afraid.
Do you think this jelly's firm enough to eat yet?
Anyone can do that.
Tom quickly realized that something was wrong.
What's going on?
I heard everything.
I'm sorry, but where are the eggs?
What were you doing when I called you yesterday?
Are you going to learn English?
We're not always at home on Mondays.
He who thinks he has learned enough has learned nothing.
Tom didn't learn how to play the guitar until he was thirteen.
It's boring to stay at home.
We haven't had any problems so far.
Tom looked around, but didn't see anyone.
It took ten years to build the amusement park.
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate.
The tickets sold out within a week.
Frankly speaking, I don't want to work with him.
Did you have a nice Christmas?
When I got home, I was very hungry.
Come to think of it, I promised to see him at five.
You ought to finish your homework at once.
Can you help me wash the dishes?
I'm not stupid enough to lend him money.
Five hundred dollars is a small sum for him.
I haven't eaten breakfast yet.
We were very busy last week.
He crossed his legs.
He would be very glad to hear the news.
There has to be a catch.
Can you fly an airplane?
I could hardly hear him.
You should hand in your homework by Friday, at the latest.
No one will hurt you.
Do you have a double room?
I can't stand the heat.
Do you have an extra shelf I can use?
Our teacher said that water boils at 100C.
Tom enjoys playing tricks on me.
You never arrive on time.
There's a hole in the bag.
The teacher wrote French words on the blackboard.
Who talked?
Canada is larger than Japan.
The car crashed into the guard-rail and rolled down the hill.
Can I use a credit card?
There has been no rain here for the past two weeks.
Everybody in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs.
Why do bees die after stinging?
I still don't know all the details.
He is eager for the chance to prove himself.
I have to concentrate on my work.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
He sat next to her.
No one would help me.
There are more girls than boys in this school.
I've spent an entire hour waiting for my friend.
Only my mother really understands me.
This is the church where Blake is buried.
I want you to meet my parents.
They went into the woods for a picnic.
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
Where can I buy guitar strings around here?
I would like to buy some aspirin.
We are men.
Don't you feel the house shaking?
He will always love her.
If you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it.
I've done what I can for you.
What'll you have to drink?
I don't have a computer at home.
I think I can handle it.
She can make her own dresses.
He laid down the gun.
I forgot to lock the storeroom.
Get that book for me.
You'll get a clear picture with this antenna on the roof.
I could have been killed.
Showing your real feelings is not considered a virtue in Japan.
Three people were slightly injured.
If you want to take a break, just say so.
She's not here.
Where can I buy a map?
It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore.
He is constantly complaining.
Nothing is more valuable than good health.
I was mistaken in thinking that he was a trustworthy man.
Could I have a pillow and blanket?
You're the only one who can help me.
I still haven't learned to drive a car.
She took an examination in English.
Why didn't you try the dress on before you bought it?
Japan has a high population density.
Did you enjoy yourself?
China is much larger than Japan.
I like my friends.
I don't think I need to lose weight.
Is that today's paper?
Let me tell you what I did today.
Are you going to eat all of that yourself?
Monday will likely be a hot day.
What will happen if there's power failure now?
Today is my friend's birthday.
I'm still single.
This is the watch I bought yesterday.
Stay here and wait for her.
Why do you hate Tom so much?
The burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene.
Did you ever see that movie?
Let's walk on the beach after dinner.
How many Christmas cards did you get last year?
I was in the hospital for a few days.
Which is larger, Japan or England?
I personally didn't find that movie very interesting.
I left my card at home.
Enter the laboratory and press the emergency button.
No wonder he was arrested.
If we don't receive Tom's reply within the next three days, I think we should write him again.
Apart from her, everybody answered the question.
Your English has improved a lot.
When will you be back?
Who was it that read my diary while I was out?
I wish none of this had ever happened.
What's your major?
I am eating a cucumber.
Tom can come over to my house and practice on my piano if he wants to.
This box is filled with apples.
"Who is it?" "It's me."
She's loved by her friends.
They are right.
Is breakfast ready?
I broke his heart, but I love him.
They recognized each other.
That word describes it perfectly.
She didn't appear to recognize me.
The United States is next to Canada.
He was sick last week.
In case anything happens, call me immediately.
There were few students remaining in the classroom.
I left my watch at home.
This sentence is grammatically incorrect.
I didn't know how to answer his question.
Oceans are expected to rise by 50 centimeters by the end of the next century.
We don't know where Tom went.
Is this hat yours?
I'll talk the matter over with my father.
"If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep?" "Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."
I cried all night.
The two men were seen to steal into the house.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his children.
Nice to meet you today.
Why is this computer here?
Tom is writing a novel now.
I'm sorry I opened your mail by mistake.
This is a very complex problem.
I want to improve my penmanship.
Please help yourself.
Solar power is environmentally friendly.
Why does Tom need to do that?
I wrote a letter last night.
He did not know where to go.
That book had a lot of pages.
Tom jogs three times a week.
You're a patient man.
Her name often escapes me.
Come with us.
This building is near completion.
She was late because of the heavy traffic.
Please remove your shoes before entering the house.
He always puts himself first.
Drive more carefully, or you will have an accident.
What's his real name?
Have you called an ambulance yet?
Don't forget to turn off the stove.
Tom called me.
Keep the dog out.
I could not speak to him.
At Christmas she went out of her way to buy me a really nice model plane.
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
What are the symptoms?
Is his father a doctor?
If you get sleepy, tell me.
No one believes what Tom says anymore.
We both went to the concert.
"How many questions did you get right?" "Zilch."
I shouldn't have drunk so much beer last night.
I will never be your friend.
Open your mouth!
It is difficult for me to get up before six.
He showed me his new car.
I was just going to call you.
"Shut up," he whispered.
You can always quit the job.
Don't judge a person by his appearance.
He has a cold now.
I wonder if she'll recognize me after all these years.
I prefer traveling by train to flying.
Have you ever had food poisoning?
Can you handle it?
How much do you leave for a tip in Spain?
The pain has gone.
I'll do my homework after I watch television.
Take a nap if you're tired.
Tom always keeps his promises.
He is too young to go there alone.
No wonder he is so angry.
I think it's still worth a try.
My mother gets up early.
Come on in!
I hear you have a new girlfriend.
How can I afford such an expensive car?
You may go cycling if it doesn't rain.
She is beautiful.
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way home.
If you go to that supermarket, you can buy most things you use in your daily life.
The beach was beautiful.
Everybody wants to sit beside her.
If I should be late getting home, please don't wait up for me.
Do you have time the day after tomorrow?
First of all, you should talk it over with your parents.
Father has lost his job, and what's worse, Mother has fallen ill.
Did you watch TV last night?
No one comes to visit me anymore.
The soup is terribly hot.
I wasn't fired. I quit.
I could not convince him of his mistake.
He likes animals more than people.
I was sure I had never seen her before.
The elephant is liked by little children.
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower.
The bill, please.
I like to eat watermelon.
You may always use my dictionary.
He pretended not to hear his boss.
He sometimes watches TV.
How can I make a telephone call to Japan?
How difficult is that?
I grew up in the mountains.
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
The largest English dictionary has over 450,000 words.
I know what you did last night.
Lend me your book, please.
I don't know whether to cry or to laugh.
Say it clearly.
I was never mad at you.
He has no friends to talk with.
All you have to do is sign your name here.
You've left out a word in copying the textbook.
Is that a cat or a dog?
He wants to be a policeman in the future.
The boy I love doesn't love me.
He stuffed his laundry into a large bag.
She gave me a watch for a birthday present.
I really like this restaurant.
If you eat that much, you'll get a stomachache.
Where's the toilet?
The man tried to install his own antenna.
He stood up.
Tom is not fond of pets.
I can eat anything but onions.
Who yelled?
I'm used to working all night.
Tom has asked us to buy him something to eat.
The train is traveling at the rate of 50 miles an hour.
Where can I buy envelopes?
We all want Tom to be happy.
Can I have your telephone number?
I wonder what time it is.
It is not easy to get rid of bad habits.
It was raining on and off all night long.
Do you have any pets?
He is still angry.
It's snowing.
I remember meeting him in Paris.
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the station?
Tom is my older brother.
I left something in the room.
There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
What did they hit you with?
I can't believe my eyes.
What a big dog!
If you like, you can use milk instead of water in this recipe.
You have to change trains at the next stop.
To tell the truth, I don't like translating.
We've come to the conclusion that this is a true story.
I like reading books.
This is all that I know.
It snowed a lot last year.
She has a bath every morning.
I don't think that he'll come.
He plays the piano better than I do.
Do you have cough drops?
Tom is really good.
You should eat more vegetables.
I want to be a magician.
I'm not too worried about Tom.
His dog follows him wherever he goes.
He has just bought a used car.
She said to herself, "Where shall I go next?"
The can is empty.
My father is two years younger than my mother.
Why did Tom get into that car?
Open the door and let me in, please.
Tom was running around the streets drunk and naked.
Your daughter isn't a girl anymore.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
If you don't want this, I'll give it to someone else.
It's no use arguing with him.
The problem has more to do with you than with me.
The teacher told me to stand up.
You should get your eyes checked.
I'm sorry, but I really have to go.
Will you show me what you bought yesterday?
Do you like singing?
Who are you referring to?
This piano has probably not been tuned for years.
Do you have shoes and socks?
This is the best time of year.
Kids grow up so fast.
Tom pretended to be interested.
I believe you like your job.
I thought it went well.
Did we have any English homework due tomorrow?
Glad you like it.
Don't you feel hungry?
You had better not tell your father about the accident.
Where can I buy a toothbrush?
I am very pleased with my new house.
Where can I buy books?
What's that building?
You should study harder.
Why didn't you dance with him?
Don't laugh at him.
The girl standing over there is Mary.
I can only pay 100 dollars at most.
I can't remember how to say "Thank you" in German.
I go to the library at least once a week.
That's not surprising.
If you get sleepy, let me know.
I'd like to invite you to lunch, if you're not busy.
I'm so tired that I can't walk any longer.
He takes after his father.
Please give me some more coffee.
What does your family eat for Christmas dinner?
On my way home, I met him.
The doctor told me to inhale and exhale slowly and deeply.
Tom didn't give up.
They fell asleep after the movie.
She cut the apple in half.
Mary wants kids, but Tom doesn't.
Do you think we'll have a white Christmas this year?
What are you thinking about?
I know Tom didn't do this.
This table is just as large as ours.
There's a hole in my coat.
Tom is able to swim well.
Does he live here?
I don't know where that is.
I'm not mentally prepared for that.
What's your date of birth?
Where can I buy coffee?
A button came off when I was playing baseball.
Tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer.
May I borrow your bike?
I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
What do you usually have for breakfast?
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
It is crazy of you to put your life at risk.
We're thinking of adding on another bedroom to the house.
How much is the monthly fee of this swimming school?
Either Tom is lying or Mary is lying.
I take my camera wherever I go.
Good job!
Do you need our assistance?
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
Knock on the door before entering the room.
Sit still.
They are a good couple.
I did all I could.
I want to ask, what is your name and where do you live?
What happened to you?
Can you prove I'm wrong?
Tom wants his children to have a good education.
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow.
I saw him running.
He looks just like a guy I know.
I felt out of place in the expensive restaurant.
I wonder if he can lend me his guitar during the vacation.
Which books should I read?
I spilled my coffee on the carpet.
Dublin is in Ireland.
Our store isn't open.
Be careful not to tamper with it.
Now let me think.
Though he knew the truth, he told us nothing.
Will we arrive on time?
May I have your phone number?
I don't know when it'll happen, but I'm pretty sure that it'll happen.
I bought tickets from a scalper.
I fell in love with you.
When did you learn to swim?
Bring your wife.
He went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
If you want this pen, I will lend it to you.
I ate some bread and a boiled egg for lunch.
He was angry with himself.
December is the last month of the year.
He promised to return and yet he didn't.
The man you saw in my office yesterday is from Belgium.
My father died of cancer.
Your name is first on the list.
They are both colleagues of mine.
Yes, of course.
Can you read music?
He likes to sing in the bathtub.
After lunch, they usually have a nap.
He earns more money than he can spend.
Bunnies are so cute.
Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
I know that you won't be able to do that without some help.
I'm not ready yet.
You should receive them by the end of the week.
You shouldn't go swimming after eating a big meal.
How was the concert?
You need to work harder.
Who broke the plate?
Most of the plants died.
I found a dollar in the street.
Let me take you home.
Look at that building. Is it a temple?
If I had money, I'd travel all the time.
Here's some water.
After you.
They've changed a lot.
Tom poured some cold water over his head.
I usually go home at four.
I hear that his father is in another country.
The driver asked me which way to go.
We have no school today.
Tom hung the ornaments on the Christmas tree.
I bought a new bag.
The weather is just right today.
Tom taught me a lot of useful things.
The teacher said that we must memorize these idioms.
He spent the evening reading.
The cookie jar is empty.
It really depends on when.
They're fast runners.
I made a paper plane.
I was watching TV at this time yesterday.
Who is the man sitting in the corner?
Are you free this weekend?
If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.
I can't conceive how I could have made such a mistake.
There's a possibility that the man was murdered.
Are you mad at me?